### Eulerian vs Lagrangian
There are, in most general terms, 

There are two main approaches to simulating a fluid, Position Based Dynamics, and the Navier-Stokes Equations. The former is the technique commonly used when the highest fidelity is a requirement, and time spent computing the simulation isn't an issue. It also lends itself to hand animation more easily. In this sense, it allows for simulations to be 'faked' - a pre-determined ending or state is hand animated, and the simulator solves the fluid up to the point of that state. The Navier-Stokes equations a more computationally-friendly approach which leverages specific equations to give a result.
##### The Biggest Difference
This method is based on the idea that all things that need to be modelled can be modelled as particles, sometimes with a defined size which can then be linked together into objects using specific constraints on the particles. For instance, in a rigid body simulation, the particles that make up an object are held very rigidly together, with constraints that barely give way under pressure. On the other hand a soft body may use a similar method but with constraints that more readily deform and stretch under pressure.
The primary reason for using this method is that it makes it very easy and computationally inexpensive to have multiple types of simulation interacting. For instance, with a PBD approach, one can easily have a rigid body floating on a fluid simulation, with a cloth draped over it. This allows for quite significant extensibility into real-world applications which is useful when building a scene from the ground up.
However, the largest downside of this approach is the computational complexity. As every object must often be made up of thousands, if not tens or hundreds of thousands of particles, each needing to be simulated in a very similar way, these simulations can grow to be highly complex and under many circumstances cannot run in real-time on only modestly powerful hardware. Finally, there is only a small room of optimisation in this sense because each particle cannot be simulated in parallel, as each one may have relations to many others, and those having more relations on top of that.


