### What is a fluid simulation?
A fluid simulation is just that - a computer (usually) attempting to mimic the way that real-life fluids, such as water, oils, gasses, or even really viscous fluids like paint, glue or lava. Such simulations may also attempt to model the density of a fluid (usually this is just for gasses), as well as the velocity of the fluid. 

### Why simulate fluids?
It is a common to simulate fluids in the field of computer graphics. As it is infeasible to capture the motion of real fluids perfectly, given the same movements used in the rest of the animation, it is suitable to model the fluid directly in code. Thus, the simulation of fluids is commonly found in 2D and 3D graphics, common in games, TV and movies. Simulation of fluids is also common in the engineering space, as most often the interaction between gasses and pipes or mechanical pipes, or the water eroding are bridge are important to know, but are also prohibitively expensive to test in real-life. This requires simulations that not only 'look good' but are also completely physically accurate. This simulation aims to run in real-time, rather than requiring significant precomputation and as a result, this extreme physical accuracy is not an aim.

### Why is simulating fluids *hard*?
There are two main approaches to simulating fluids: approximations and position based dynamics. The classical position-based dynamics method requires a very large number of particles to be simulated, and does many more calculations per particle, and so is generally not suitable for simulating at a pace such that a user can view the results as they come in. As a result, an approximation is used: the Navier-Stokes equations. These equations are able to simulate with high accuracy, even when using a lower fidelity simulation, and do come at a significantly lower computational cost, but have a tendency to act erratically if simulated with certain parameters. Thus, with some simple tweaks, as outlined in the paper 'Fluid Dynamics for Games' by Jos Stam, it is possible to adapt the differential equations to work well under a computationally constrained scenario.